OADP-2719: Release notes for OADP 1.2.2 (#65604)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-release-notes-1-2-2.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-release-notes.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-oadp-release-notes-1-2-2_{context}"]
= OADP 1.2.2 release notes

[id="new-features-1-2-2_{context}"]
== New features

There are no new features in the release of {oadp-first} 1.2.2.

// :FeatureName: OADP Data Mover
// include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

[id="resolved-issues-1-2-2_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

> The following highlighted issues have been resolved in OADP 1.2.2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following highlighted issues are resolved in OADP 1.2.2:
```

Reviewer: i think you can just say "are" here since resolved is past tense already.

> .Restic restore partially failed due to Pod Security standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Restic restore partially failed due to a Pod Security standard
```

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, {OCP} 4.14 enforced a pod security admission (PSA) policy that hindered the readiness of pods during a Restic restore process.

> This issue has been resolved in the OADP 1.1.6 and OADP 1.2.2 releases. Therefore, it is recommended that users upgrade to these releases.

Reviewer: Is it upgrade to either one of these releases? Or do they need to upgrade to 1.1.6 and then 1.2.2?

Author: It has been resolved in 1.1.6 and also 1.2.2

For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.html#oadp-restic-restore-failing-psa-policy_oadp-troubleshooting[Restic restore partially failing on OCP 4.14 due to changed PSA policy]. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2094[(OADP-2094)]

.Backup of an app with internal images partially failed with plugin panicked error

> In previous releases of OADP 1.2, the backup of an application with internal images partially failed with plugin panicked error returned. The backup partially fails with this error in the velero logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous releases of OADP 1.2, the backup of an application with internal images partially failed with plugin panicked error returned. The backup partially fails with this error in the Velero logs:
```

[source,terminal]
----
time="2022-11-23T15:40:46Z" level=info msg="1 errors encountered backup up item" backup=openshift-adp/django-persistent-67a5b83d-6b44-11ed-9cba-902e163f806c logSource="/remote-source/velero/app/pkg/backup/backup.go:413" name=django-psql-persistent
time="2022-11-23T15:40:46Z" level=error msg="Error backing up item" backup=openshift-adp/django-persistent-67a5b83d-6b44-11ed-9cba-902e163f8
----

This issue has been resolved in OADP 1.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1057[(OADP-1057)].

.ACM cluster restore was not functioning as expected due to restore order

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, ACM cluster restore was not functioning as expected due to restore order. ACM applications were removed and re-created on managed clusters after restore activation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2505[(OADP-2505)]

.VM's using filesystemOverhead failed when backing up and restoring due to volume size mismatch

> In previous releases of OADP 1.2, due to storage provider implementation choices, whenever there was a difference between the application persistent volume claims (PVCs) storage request and the snapshot size of the same PVC, VM's using filesystemOverhead failed when backing up and restoring.  This issue has been resolved in the Data Mover of OADP 1.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2144[(OADP-2144)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous releases of OADP 1.2, due to storage provider implementation choices, whenever there was a difference between the application persistent volume claims (PVCs) storage request and the snapshot size of the same PVC, VM's using filesystemOverhead failed when backing up and restoring. This issue has been resolved in the Data Mover of OADP 1.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2144[(OADP-2144)]
```

Reviewer: Oop need to remove this space

.OADP did not contain an option to set VolSync replication source prune interval

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, there was no option to set the VolSync replication source `pruneInterval`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2052[(OADP-2052)]

> .Possible pod volume backup failure if velero was installed in multiple namespaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Possible pod volume backup failure if Velero was installed in multiple namespaces
```

Reviewer: Looking in the repo, I see Velero capitalized, unless its in code/error message

> In previous releases of OADP 1.2, there was a possibility of pod volume backup failure if velero was installed in multiple namespaces. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2409[(OADP-2409)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous releases of OADP 1.2, there was a possibility of pod volume backup failure if Velero was installed in multiple namespaces. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2409[(OADP-2409)]
```

.Backup Storage Locations moved to unavailable phase when VSL uses custom secret

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, Backup Storage Locations moved to unavailable phase when Volume Snapshot Location used custom secret. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1737[(OADP-1737)]

For a complete list of all issues resolved in the release of OADP 1.2.2, see the list of link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2094?filter=12422262[OADP 1.2.2 resolved issues] in Jira.

[id="known-issues-1-2-2_{context}"]
== Known issues

The following issues have been highlighted as known issues in the release of OADP 1.2.2:

.Must-gather command fails to remove ClusterRoleBinding resources

> The oc adm must-gather command fails to remove ClusterRoleBinding resources, which are left on cluster due to admission webhook. Therefore, requests for the removal of the ClusterRoleBinding resources are denied. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2773[(OADP-27730)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oc adm must-gather` command fails to remove `ClusterRoleBinding` resources, which are left on cluster due to admission webhook. Therefore, requests for the removal of the `ClusterRoleBinding` resources are denied. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2773[(OADP-27730)]
```

Reviewer: backticks needed for the resource name and the inline code.

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, the backup of an application with internal images partially failed with plugin panicked error returned. The backup partially fails with this error in the velero logs:

[source,terminal]
----
time="2022-11-23T15:40:46Z" level=info msg="1 errors encountered backup up item" backup=openshift-adp/django-persistent-67a5b83d-6b44-11ed-9cba-902e163f806c logSource="/remote-source/velero/app/pkg/backup/backup.go:413" name=django-psql-persistent
time="2022-11-23T15:40:46Z" level=error msg="Error backing up item" backup=openshift-adp/django-persistent-67a5b83d-6b44-11ed-9cba-902e163f8
----

This issue has been resolved in OADP 1.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1057[(OADP-1057)].

.ACM cluster restore was not functioning as expected due to restore order

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, ACM cluster restore was not functioning as expected due to restore order. ACM applications were removed and re-created on managed cluster(s) after restore activation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2505[(OADP-2505)]

.KubeVirt VM's using filesystemOverhead failed when backing up and restoring due to volume size mismatch

> In previous releases of OADP 1.2, KubeVirt VM's using `filesystemOverhead` failed when backing up and restoring because of a volume size mismatch. OADP was not considering the additional size of the persistent volume (PV) with the `filesystemOverhead` setting.  The backup and restore cloned PV's failed to bind, as a result, the backup and restore failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2144[(OADP-2144)]

Reviewer 2: I think we should change the description here (or even the issue title)
This issue might/probably not related to kubevirt fs-overhead
even if it is, Users might bumped into this issue outside of kubevirt.
@shubham-pampattiwar  wdyt?

Reviewer 3: @amastbau yes I agree with you, we can add something more generic like, (due to storage provider implementation choices) whenever there is a difference between the application PVC storage request and the snapshot size of the same pvc this issue will occur and OADP 1.2 datamover is able to handle that now after this fix.

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, there was no option to set the VolSync replication source `pruneInterval`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2052[(OADP-2052)]

.Possible pod volume backup failure if velero was installed in multiple namespaces

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, there was a possibility of pod volume backup failure if velero was installed in multiple namespaces. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2409[(OADP-2409)]

.Backup Storage Locations moved to unavailable phase when VSL uses custom secret

In previous releases of OADP 1.2, Backup Storage Locations moved to unavailable phase when Volume Snapshot Location used custom secret. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1737[(OADP-1737)]

For a complete list of all issues resolved in the release of OADP 1.2.2, see the list of link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2094?filter=12422262[OADP 1.2.2 resolved issues] in Jira.

[id="known-issues-1-2-2_{context}"]
== Known issues

The following issues have been highlighted as known issues in the release of OADP 1.2.2:

.Must gather fails to remove clusterRoleBinding resources

Must gather fails to remove clusterRoleBinding resources

> ClusterRoleBinding resources are left on cluster due to admission webhook. It is denying the removal of the `clusterRoleBinding` resources.

Reviewer 2: Jira issue link is missing
